Hello and welcome back.
We have a challenge for you for the iterator design pattern we're gonna create an application that is
used in college environments will access specific data different subjects of certain departments.
You're going to have different departments that store information in different data structures.
The arts department is going to use an array data structure to store different subjects.
The science department is going to use a linked list data structure to store different subjects you're
required to use the iterator design pattern so that you can access this data through common methods.
It does not care which data structures used by individual departments.
We are displaying the subjects using iterator is so the design you're required to create an iterator
interface that will contain common methods for both types of iterations science or arts.
It includes methods first and that will first of all be avoid function and reset to the first element.
We'll have a next method that will return a String.
Get the next element is done we'll turn a boolean end of the collection check and the current item which
returns a string retrieve the current item we're going to be displaying subjects through the common
methods is done.
And next you can use the other two methods first and also first and current item if you need to concrete
iterator is named Art's iterator in science iterator need to be created.
These should be entire classes of your concrete aggregates only can use the iterator to diverse.
That way you're ensuring that you can only use the operators constructors will take an array for arts
in a linked list for a science requirements.
Create your aggregate interface.
This could be the subject interface remember the aggregate is the collection it includes only the carry
iterator method which returns in iterator create your concrete aggregates.
Art should use an array to store subjects.
Constructor or main can populate array with default strings.
Science should use a linked list to store objects.
You can add some dummy data either through the constructor or the main method.
Lastly you need to create your client.
This should display a bunch of objects using both types of iterator is either arts or science in some
example output would be sine just iterate through science subjects or iterate through art subjects and
it displays the data using the iterator so this implementation is going to allow us to support different
variations for the traversal of an aggregate where the Agora is the interface to create an iterator
object.
Also most importantly it simplifies the interface.
You have to be careful what traversing in any kind of modification during that traversal period can
cause problems.
So let's go ahead and implement this iterator design pattern through these subjects so you can traverse
them in each actual aggregate is going to store the data differently.
Thank you.